that's good okay a pretty steep angle
but uh no this is this will give him the
force he needs to break these balls over
the night it's got to be careful
excellent came out he's got a shine on
the bubble the two on the side there who
knows oh no the formal yeah might not
shoot this ball night he might shoot
that 12 ball in the corner he didn't
look he's disappointed he didn't come on
you don't he's got to be careful here
because she can't foul okay he's all
right all right referees checking around
real close nice easy push yeah does this
one ball combination this one ball
combination he may shoot it now set up
break shot on the Bible he still has to
deal with that little cluster there it's
okay see how I tore this cue ball is can
play it third when he said a nice short
stroke it's a nice wrinkle stroke
weather so powerful i stroke a longer
powerful stroke or contact me this is
definitely a game of thought and the
more you use your mind the tire that you
get so it's a game of you know how
mentally tough you are not physically
but mentally he did if the wheel it's
okay he he got a ball out there again
the six balls of Bible break shot now
he's finally going to get rid of that to
all up table
he's coming around trying to get out all
right he's gonna play the six yes and
going to the one like yeah I guess I'm
open put the five in the possible break
area oh no he messed that shot he missed
the shot you see yeah he's no its own he
jumped up because he knew he he missed
the shot he's trying to throw to to a
little bit to save the angle and bad big
disappointment man that could be the
whole match right there all right it's a
bad time to mr. with just the final left
everything nicely Thurston's going to
leave the five to the breakout right
here and come play the team now sick too
awful left join us right back to the
rail yeah so actually create an angle to
get down for the five and it'll two
rails here is both Wow no I don't think
so I feel I think he'll come straight
down because if he goes two rails you
may have a too steep of an angle to get
on the five he wants to have he's going
to go straight down the table I believe
it's just one rail for the body float
right down it perfectly what makes it
look so easy perfect